# AllTheThings

## [5.0.9](https://github.com/ATTWoWAddon/AllTheThings/tree/5.0.9) (2026-02-14)
[Full Changelog](https://github.com/ATTWoWAddon/AllTheThings/compare/5.0.8a...5.0.9) [Previous Releases](https://github.com/ATTWoWAddon/AllTheThings/releases)

- Updated package meta and also adjusted the window text logic in the settings menu.  
- Removed the super old (2023) CHANGELOG file from the repo. (This file is dynamic and gets generated by the release)  
- Moved the logic for the Battle Pets (/attbattlepets) window to its own sub addon.  
- Classic: The dynamic categories embedded in Prime are now sorted by name rather than by suffix.  
- Windows created from an addon now purge the prefix of the title. (IE: "Window: Battle Pets" gets shortened to "Battle Pets")  
- [DB] Rebuilt DBs for all game flavors for Git users to remove references to unused locales.  
- [Logic] Removed an obsolete coord override for Quests (fixes plotting coordinates in Nested quest chains)  
- [Logic] Fixed a Lua error when the Minilist starts being filled but is then closed and the user changes Maps before the Fill completes  
- [Logic] Simplified use of CollectibleAsQuest since it no longer has multiple definitions or overrides  
- [Logic] Encapsulate some quest lock logic more cleanly  
- [DB] Varzok & Audrey Burnhep quests now use proper lockCriteria  
- Added the ability to define an window from the context of a sub addon. (Title, Notes, IconTexture, Commands, etc pulled from the addon meta data)  
- Removed the unused PetAbility class.  
- [Logic] Fixed infinitely checking for mapID when in a location which actually has no mapID  
- The object "Research Equipment" now has an icon that better matches the object itself. (it's a chest, not a battle pet...?)  
- [Debug] Adjust format of PrintDebugPrior for easier reading  
- [Logic] LocationTrigger and ToggleMiniListForCurrentZone functions are now available without first loading the Minilist  
    [Logic] Minilist no longer needs to preload  
- [UI] Fixed Minilist loading itself in Retail due to Timerunning filtering feature  
    [UI] Windows can now be 'passively' retrieved such that it will not create them if not yet existing  
- The Mini List is now set to Preload itself for event handling purposes.  
- Midnight Enchanting  
- Added Singularity Faction  
- ...  
- [DB] Simplify some Endeavor listing  
    [Parser] Fixed a pointless 'type' field getting added to Items within repeated treasures  
- [UI] Fixed some lingering Minilist issues & ToggleMiniListForCurrentZone being replaced  
- [UI] Fixed atlas use on rows not refreshing properly (Legion Artifacts)  
- [UI] New Slider works in all versions!  
- [UI] Retail: Testing out a new settings Slider look to match default Blizz UI  
- [UI] Classic: Fixed an overlapped setting checkbox  
- Beta: Voidstorm outdoor  
- Formatting: Unifying the codestyle of ["cost"] field, Part 9  
- ERA: Fixed Manual: Smelt Obsidian-Infused Thorium Bar showing up in Silithus. It is a SOD specific recipe.  
- Formatting: Unifying the codestyle of ["cost"] field, Part 8  
- [Logic] Collection of Things does not require a pending update to toplevel windows (i.e. Prime) when the window opens (Collection updates automatically propogate to Prime) (fixes #2289)  
- [Logic] FilterID filter is a little smarter now and only ignores itself for failed filtering if there is a visible contained Thing rather than just being a container in any regard (fixes unexpected Items showing in popouts due to being a cost)  
- Slightly optimized the Expansion class.  
    The /attawp window now forces the patchstring as the name rather than the expansion name.  
- Midnight Blacksmithing  
- Removed some NOT ANYCLASSIC preprocessors in Nagrand while the maxReputation bug is investigated.  
- [Logic] Fixed a logic issue for Nested Quest chains when skipped quests force visibility to remain for the entire chain  
- [Logic] Ensure the true \_\_type is represented for Wrapped objects  
